_developers/use-jira.md, before:

---
title: "Howto Use JIRA"
lang: en
ref: use-jira
permalink: /developers/use-jira/
excerpt: "How to use JIRA"
last_modified_at: 2018-02-28T11:26:43-20:46
---

{% include toc %}

## JIRA使用简介
　　JIRA是Atlassian公司出品的项目与实务跟踪工具，被广泛应用于缺陷跟踪、客户实务、需求收集、流程审批、任务跟踪、项目跟踪和敏捷管理等工作领域。ServiceComb使用JIRA进行缺陷和任务跟踪，本文将简单介绍在ServiceComb的开发过程中如何使用JIRA。

## 注册并登陆到JIRA
　　在浏览器中打开[JIRA注册页面](https://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/Signup!default.jspa)，填入个人邮箱，姓名等注册信息后即可注册。注册成功后登录并进入[ServiceComb项目](https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/SCB/)

## 查看issues
​	登录到JIRA后左侧面板依次是Kanban, Releases, Reports, Issues, Components. Kanban内容如下图，展示了当前需要完成的任务（73 To Do），正在解决中任务（3 In Progress）和已经解决的任务（79 Done），所有任务的编号都以SCB（ServiceComb的简写）开头，可以点击任务栏查看每个任务的详细信息。

![](/assets/images/kanban.png){: .align-center}

​	点击左侧面板中Issues可以看到所有的任务并支持自定义过滤规则进行筛选查看，点击右上角View all issues and filters即可进行过滤，默认过滤规则包括任务类型、任务进度、负责人、当前状态等，也可以使用Advanced功能进行高级过滤筛选。

![](/assets/images/filter.png){: .align-center}

## 新建issue

​	点击Create可以新建一个issue，创建的时候需要选择issue类型，包括Task, Bug, Feature, Improvement等，选择类型后在Summary中简单描述一下issue内容，需要详细说明的可以在Description中填写更多内容，需要注意的是ServiceComb包含四个子项目，分别是Java Chassis, Saga, Service-Center和website，所以创建issue的时候要选择具体对应的Component来指定issue属于哪个子项目。

![](/assets/images/issue.png){: .align-center}

​	创建好issue后可以将issue指定给自己，启动任务Start Progress，待问题解决后Resolve Issue或Close Issue即可，如下图：

![](/assets/images/progress.png){: .align-center}

​	通过提交代码解决该issue的时候需要在创建的PR的title上以issue的SCB编号开头，如下图中[SCB-327]

![](/assets/images/pr.png){: .align-center}

​	JIRA更多使用方法请参考[官方文档](https://confluence.atlassian.com/jiracoreserver076/getting-started-as-a-user-945112029.html)。

Commit message:

Translated the use-jira document to english

_developers/use-jira.md, after:

---
title: "Howto Use JIRA"
lang: en
ref: use-jira
permalink: /developers/use-jira/
excerpt: "How to use JIRA"
last_modified_at: 2018-02-28T11:26:43-20:46
---

{% include toc %}

## JIRA Introduction
JIRA is a task and issue tracking system of Atlassian. It is widely used in defect tracking, customer practice, demand collection, process approval, task tracking, project tracking and agile management. ServiceComb uses JIRA for bug and task tracking. This article will briefly describe how to use JIRA during the development of ServiceComb.

## login JIRA
Open the [JIRA registration page] (https://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/Signup!default.jspa) in your browser, fill in your personal email address, name and other registration information to register. Log in and enter the [ServiceComb project] after registration (https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/SCB/)

## View issues
After logging in to JIRA, the left panel is followed by Kanban, Releases, Reports, Issues, Components. Kanban content is shown below, showing the tasks that need to be completed (73 To Do), 3 In Progress and resolved. Task (79 Done), all task numbers start with SCB (short for ServiceComb), you can click the taskbar to view the details of each task.

![](/assets/images/kanban.png){: .align-center}

​Click on Issues in the left panel to see all the tasks and support custom filtering rules for filtering. Click on View all issues and filters in the upper right corner to filter. The default filtering rules include task type, task progress, responsible person, current status. Etc., you can also use the Advanced feature for advanced filtering.

![](/assets/images/filter.png){: .align-center}

## Create issue

​Click Create to create an issue. When you create it, you need to select the issue type, including Task, Bug, Feature, Improvement, etc. After selecting the type, simply describe the issue content in the Summary. You need to fill in more content in the Description. It should be noted that ServiceComb contains four sub-projects, namely Java Chassis, Saga, Service-Center and website, so when creating an issue, you need to select the corresponding Component to specify which sub-project the issue belongs to.

![](/assets/images/issue.png){: .align-center}

​After creating an issue, you can assign the issue to yourself, start the task Start Progress, and wait for the problem to be resolved after the Resolve Issue or Close Issue, as shown below:

![](/assets/images/progress.png){: .align-center}

​To solve the issue by submitting the code, you need to start with the SCB number of the issue on the title of the created PR, as shown in the following figure [SCB-327]

![](/assets/images/pr.png){: .align-center}

​For more information on how to use JIRA, please refer to [Official Document](https://confluence.atlassian.com/jiracoreserver076/getting-started-as-a-user-945112029.html).
