_pages/home.md, before:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
header:
  overlay_color: "#dcdde2"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/servicecomb-banner-s.jpg
  caption:
excerpt: 'ServiceComb提供了一套包含代码框架生成，服务注册发现，负载均衡，服务可靠性（容错熔断，限流降级，调用链追踪）等功能的微服务框架。<br /><br />
<small>最新发布版本:<small><br />
<a href="https://github.com/ServiceComb/java-chassis/releases/tag/0.1.0-m2"> Java开发包 v0.1.0-m2 </a></small><br />
<small><a href="https://github.com/ServiceComb/service-center/releases/tag/0.1.0-m1">服务中心 v0.1.0-m1</a></small><br />'

intro:
  - excerpt: '在新近结束的LinuxCon Beijing 2017大会上，ServiceComb举办了一次<a href="http://servicecomb.io/slides/"> workshop</a>，向广大用户介绍了微服务架构相关原则，ServiceComb的前世今生，以及<a href="http://servicecomb.io/docs/linuxcon-workshop-demo/">如何使用ServiceComb构建一个云化应用</a>。'

feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/servicecomb-feature-openapi.png
    alt: "标准"
    title: "服务契约"
    excerpt: "基于OpenAPI的服务契约保障。"
  - image_path: /assets/images/servicecomb-feature-quickstart.png
    alt: "高效"
    title: "快速开发"
    excerpt: "支持多种服务框架，快速构建云化应用。"
  - image_path: /assets/images/servicecomb-feature-multiLanguage.png
    alt: "多语言"
    title: "多语言"
    excerpt: "Java/Go框架级别支持。"
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row %}

Commit message:

added english version markdown files and `lang` and `ref` front matters

_pages/home.md, after:

---
layout: splash
lang: en
ref: home
permalink: /
header:
  overlay_color: "#dcdde2"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/servicecomb-banner-s.jpg
  caption:
excerpt: 'ServiceComb is a microservice framework that provides an easy way to develop and deploy applications in the cloud. It provides functionalities of code framework generation, service registration, service discovery, load balance, service reliability(latency and fault tolerance, flow control and graceful degradation, handler chain tracing) et al.<br /><br />
<small>Latest release:<small><br />
<a href="https://github.com/ServiceComb/java-chassis/releases/tag/0.1.0-m2"> Java SDK v0.1.0-m2 </a></small><br />
<small><a href="https://github.com/ServiceComb/service-center/releases/tag/0.1.0-m1">Service Center v0.1.0-m1</a></small><br />'

intro:
  - excerpt: "In the recent LinuxCon Beijing 2017 conference, ServiceComb organized a [workshop](/slides/) and introduced priciples of microservice architecture, ServiceComb's past and present and [the way to build a cloud application using ServiceComb](/docs/linuxcon-workshop-demo/)."
  
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/servicecomb-feature-openapi.png
    alt: "Standard"
    title: "Service Contract"
    excerpt: "service contract gurantee based on [OpenAPI](https://www.openapis.org)"
  - image_path: /assets/images/servicecomb-feature-quickstart.png
    alt: "Efficient"
    title: "Rapid Development"
    excerpt: "supports many service frameworks, speed up building of cloud applications"
  - image_path: /assets/images/servicecomb-feature-multiLanguage.png
    alt: "MultiLanguage"
    title: "Multiple Languages"
    excerpt: "supports both Java and Go"
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row %}
