_users/develop-with-transparent-rpc.md, before:

---
title: "Development Style-Transparent RPC"
lang: en
ref: develop-with-transparent-rpc
permalink: /users/develop-with-transparent-rpc/
excerpt: "Development Style-RPC"
last_modified_at: 2017-08-15T15:01:43-04:00
redirect_from:
  - /theme-setup/
---

{% include toc %}
## Concept Description

The transparent remote procedure call(RPC) development mode is a development mode based on API and API implementation. The service developer does not need to use the description of Spring MVC and JAX-RS.

## Development Example

* **Step 1** Import dependencies into your maven project:

   ```xml
    <dependencyManagement>
     <dependencies>
       <dependency>
         <groupId>org.apache.servicecomb</groupId>
         <artifactId>java-chassis-dependencies</artifactId>
         <version>1.0.0-m1</version>
         <type>pom</type>
         <scope>import</scope>
       </dependency>
     </dependencies>
    </dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
      <!--transport can optional import through endpoint setting in microservice.yaml, we import both rest and highway as example-->
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.apache.servicecomb</groupId>
        <artifactId>transport-rest-vertx</artifactId>
      </dependency>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.apache.servicecomb</groupId>
        <artifactId>transport-highway</artifactId>
      </dependency>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.apache.servicecomb</groupId>
        <artifactId>provider-pojo</artifactId>
      </dependency>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.slf4j</groupId>
        <artifactId>slf4j-log4j12</artifactId>
      </dependency>
    </dependencies>
   ```

* **Step 2** Define a service API. Compile the Java API definition based on the API definition defined before development. The code is as follows:

   ```java
   public interface Hello {
     String sayHi(String name);
     String sayHello(Person person);
   }
   ```

* **Step 3** implement the service. The implementation of the Hello service is as follows:

   ```java
   import org.apache.servicecomb.samples.common.schema.Hello;
   import org.apache.servicecomb.samples.common.schema.models.Person;

   public class HelloImpl implements Hello {
     @Override
     public String sayHi(String name) {
       return "Hello " + name;
     }

     @Override
     public String sayHello(Person person) {
       return "Hello person " + person.getName();
     }
   }
   ```

* **Step 4** Release the service. 
   The transparent RPC development mode supports two service release mode: Spring XML configuration and Annotation configuration:
1. Spring XML configuration Mode:
   Create the pojoHello.bean.xml file in the resources/META-INF/spring directory and declare the schema in the file. The content of the file is as follows:

   ```xml
   <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
   <beans xmlns=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans " xmlns:xsi=" http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance "
          xmlns:p=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/p " xmlns:util=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/util "
          xmlns:cse=" http://www.huawei.com/schema/paas/cse/rpc "
          xmlns:context=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/context "
          xsi:schemaLocation=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans classpath:org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/spring-beans-3.0.xsd http://www.springframework.org/schema/context http://www.springframework.org/schema/context/spring-context-3.0.xsd http://www.huawei.com/schema/paas/cse/rpc classpath:META-INF/spring/spring-paas-cse-rpc.xsd">

       <cse:rpc-schema schema-id="pojoHello" implementation="org.apache.servicecomb.samples.pojo.provider.PojoHelloImpl"/>
   </beans>
   ```

2. Annotation configuration Mode:
   @RpcSchema is used to define schema during the API Hello implementation. The code is as follows:

   ```java
   import org.apache.servicecomb.provider.pojo.RpcSchema;
   // other code omitted
   @RpcSchema(schemaId = "pojoHello")
   public class HelloImpl implements Hello {
     // other code omitted
   }
   ```

   In the pojoHello.bean.xml file of resources/META-INF/spring directory, configure base-package that performs scanning. The content of the file is as follows:

   ```xml
   <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
   <beans xmlns=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans " xmlns:xsi=" http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance "
          xmlns:p=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/p " xmlns:util=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/util "
          xmlns:cse=" http://www.huawei.com/schema/paas/cse/rpc "
          xmlns:context=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/context "
          xsi:schemaLocation=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans classpath:org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/spring-beans-3.0.xsd http://www.springframework.org/schema/context http://www.springframework.org/schema/context/spring-context-3.0.xsd http://www.huawei.com/schema/paas/cse/rpc classpath:META-INF/spring/spring-paas-cse-rpc.xsd">

       <context:component-scan base-package="org.apache.servicecomb.samples.pojo.provider"/>
   </beans>
   ```

> **NOTE**：
Different from the Spring MVC and JAX-RS development modes, the transparent RPC development mode used `@RpcSchema` instead of `@RestSchema`.

* **Step 5** Add service definition file:

   Add [microservice.yaml](http://servicecomb.incubator.apache.org/cn/users/service-definition/) file into resources folder of your project.
   
* **Step 6** Add Main class:

   ```java
   import org.apache.servicecomb.foundation.common.utils.BeanUtils;
   import org.apache.servicecomb.foundation.common.utils.Log4jUtils;

   public class Application {
     public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
        //initializing log, loading bean(including its parameters), and registering service, more detail can be found here : http://servicecomb.incubator.apache.org/users/application-boot-process/
        Log4jUtils.init();
        BeanUtils.init();
     }
   }
   ```

Commit message:

Split General Development/Use ServiceComb in Spring Boot document (#67)
* In the "General Development/Use ServiceComb in Spring Boot" document,it is include two topics:
1.Using the Service Center and Governance Center to Manage the Spring Cloud Application
2.How to develop Microservice with Spring Boot Starter

So I had split it into two document:
1.Open Service Capabilities/Using the Service Center and Governance Center to Manage the Spring Cloud Application (Spring zuul also here)
2.Develop Service Provider/Develop Microservice with Spring Boot Starter

Signed-off-by: zhengyangyong <yangyong.zheng@huawei.com>

* fix style

Signed-off-by: zhengyangyong <yangyong.zheng@huawei.com>

_users/develop-with-transparent-rpc.md, after:

---
title: "Develop Microservice with Transparent RPC"
lang: en
ref: develop-with-transparent-rpc
permalink: /users/develop-with-transparent-rpc/
excerpt: "Develop Microservice with Transparent RPC"
last_modified_at: 2017-08-15T15:01:43-04:00
redirect_from:
  - /theme-setup/
---

{% include toc %}
## Concept Description

The transparent remote procedure call(RPC) development mode is a development mode based on API and API implementation. The service developer does not need to use the description of Spring MVC and JAX-RS.

## Development Example

* **Step 1** Import dependencies into your maven project:

   ```xml
    <dependencyManagement>
     <dependencies>
       <dependency>
         <groupId>org.apache.servicecomb</groupId>
         <artifactId>java-chassis-dependencies</artifactId>
         <version>1.0.0-m1</version>
         <type>pom</type>
         <scope>import</scope>
       </dependency>
     </dependencies>
    </dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
      <!--transport can optional import through endpoint setting in microservice.yaml, we import both rest and highway as example-->
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.apache.servicecomb</groupId>
        <artifactId>transport-rest-vertx</artifactId>
      </dependency>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.apache.servicecomb</groupId>
        <artifactId>transport-highway</artifactId>
      </dependency>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.apache.servicecomb</groupId>
        <artifactId>provider-pojo</artifactId>
      </dependency>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.slf4j</groupId>
        <artifactId>slf4j-log4j12</artifactId>
      </dependency>
    </dependencies>
   ```

* **Step 2** Define a service API. Compile the Java API definition based on the API definition defined before development. The code is as follows:

   ```java
   public interface Hello {
     String sayHi(String name);
     String sayHello(Person person);
   }
   ```

* **Step 3** implement the service. The implementation of the Hello service is as follows:

   ```java
   import org.apache.servicecomb.samples.common.schema.Hello;
   import org.apache.servicecomb.samples.common.schema.models.Person;

   public class HelloImpl implements Hello {
     @Override
     public String sayHi(String name) {
       return "Hello " + name;
     }

     @Override
     public String sayHello(Person person) {
       return "Hello person " + person.getName();
     }
   }
   ```

* **Step 4** Release the service. 
   The transparent RPC development mode supports two service release mode: Spring XML configuration and Annotation configuration:
1. Spring XML configuration Mode:
   Create the pojoHello.bean.xml file in the resources/META-INF/spring directory and declare the schema in the file. The content of the file is as follows:

   ```xml
   <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
   <beans xmlns=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans " xmlns:xsi=" http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance "
          xmlns:p=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/p " xmlns:util=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/util "
          xmlns:cse=" http://www.huawei.com/schema/paas/cse/rpc "
          xmlns:context=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/context "
          xsi:schemaLocation=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans classpath:org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/spring-beans-3.0.xsd http://www.springframework.org/schema/context http://www.springframework.org/schema/context/spring-context-3.0.xsd http://www.huawei.com/schema/paas/cse/rpc classpath:META-INF/spring/spring-paas-cse-rpc.xsd">

       <cse:rpc-schema schema-id="pojoHello" implementation="org.apache.servicecomb.samples.pojo.provider.PojoHelloImpl"/>
   </beans>
   ```

2. Annotation configuration Mode:
   @RpcSchema is used to define schema during the API Hello implementation. The code is as follows:

   ```java
   import org.apache.servicecomb.provider.pojo.RpcSchema;
   // other code omitted
   @RpcSchema(schemaId = "pojoHello")
   public class HelloImpl implements Hello {
     // other code omitted
   }
   ```

   In the pojoHello.bean.xml file of resources/META-INF/spring directory, configure base-package that performs scanning. The content of the file is as follows:

   ```xml
   <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
   <beans xmlns=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans " xmlns:xsi=" http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance "
          xmlns:p=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/p " xmlns:util=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/util "
          xmlns:cse=" http://www.huawei.com/schema/paas/cse/rpc "
          xmlns:context=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/context "
          xsi:schemaLocation=" http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans classpath:org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/spring-beans-3.0.xsd http://www.springframework.org/schema/context http://www.springframework.org/schema/context/spring-context-3.0.xsd http://www.huawei.com/schema/paas/cse/rpc classpath:META-INF/spring/spring-paas-cse-rpc.xsd">

       <context:component-scan base-package="org.apache.servicecomb.samples.pojo.provider"/>
   </beans>
   ```

> **NOTE**：
Different from the Spring MVC and JAX-RS development modes, the transparent RPC development mode used `@RpcSchema` instead of `@RestSchema`.

* **Step 5** Add service definition file:

   Add [microservice.yaml](http://servicecomb.incubator.apache.org/cn/users/service-definition/) file into resources folder of your project.
   
* **Step 6** Add Main class:

   ```java
   import org.apache.servicecomb.foundation.common.utils.BeanUtils;
   import org.apache.servicecomb.foundation.common.utils.Log4jUtils;

   public class Application {
     public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
        //initializing log, loading bean(including its parameters), and registering service, more detail can be found here : http://servicecomb.incubator.apache.org/users/application-boot-process/
        Log4jUtils.init();
        BeanUtils.init();
     }
   }
   ```
