_users/local-develop-test.md, before:

---
title: "本地开发与测试"
lang: en
ref: huawei-cloud
permalink: /users/local-develop-test/
excerpt: "本地开发与测试"
last_modified_at: 2017-08-15T15:01:43-04:00
redirect_from:
  - /theme-setup/
---

{% include toc %}
## 概念阐述

本小节介绍如何在开发者本地进行消费者/提供者应用的开发调试。开发服务提供者请参考[开发服务提供者章节](/users/service-definition/)，开发服务消费者请参考[开发服务消费者章节](/users/develop-with-rest-template/)。服务提供者和消费提供者均需要连接到在远程的服务中心，为了本地微服务的开发和调试，本小节介绍了两种搭建本地服务中心的方法进行本地微服务调试：

* [启动本地服务中心](#启动本地服务中心)。

* [通过local file模拟启动服务中心Mock机制](#mock机制启动服务中心)。

服务中心是微服务框架中的重要组件，用于服务元数据以及服务实例元数据的管理和处理注册、发现。服务中心与微服务提供/消费者的逻辑关系下图所示：

![](/assets/images/local_develop_test.png)

## 启动本地服务中心

* **步骤1** 启动本地服务中心，可参考[运行Service Center指南](/users/setup-environment/#运行service-center)。

* **步骤 2** 启动本地轻量服务中心后，在服务提供/消费者的microservice.yaml文件中配置ServerCenter的地址和端口，示例代码：

   ```yaml
   cse:
     service:
       registry:
         address: http://127.0.0.1:30100 #服务中心地址及端口
   ```

* **步骤 3** 开发服务提供/消费者，启动微服务进行本地测试。

## Mock机制启动服务中心

* **步骤 1**新建本地服务中心定义文件registry.yaml，内容如下：

   ```yaml
   springmvctest:
     - id: "001"
       version: "1.0"
       appid: myapp #调试的服务id
       instances: 
         endpoints:
           rest://127.0.0.1:8080
   ```

   注意：mock机制需要自己准备契约，并且当前只支持在本地进行服务消费端\(consumer\)侧的调试，不支持服务提供者\(provider\)

* **步骤 2**在服务消费者Main函数首末添加如下代码：

   ```java
   public class xxxClient {
   public static void main(String[] args) {
     System.setProperty("local.registry.file", "/path/registry.yaml");
     //your code
     System.clearProperty("local.registry.file");
   }
   ```

setProperty第二个参数填写registry.yaml的系统绝对路径，注意区分在不同系统下使用对应的路径分隔符。

* **步骤 3**开发服务消费者，启动微服务进行本地测试。

Commit message:

SCB-111 document translate for website general development (#13)

_users/local-develop-test.md, after:

---
title: "Local Development and Test"
lang: en
ref: huawei-cloud
permalink: /users/local-develop-test/
excerpt: "Local Development and Test"
last_modified_at: 2017-08-15T15:01:43-04:00
redirect_from:
  - /theme-setup/
---

{% include toc %}
## Concept Description

This section describes how developers can locally develop and commission consumer and provider applications. Both service providers and consumers need to connect to the remote service center. Two methods of building Local  ServiceCenter for local microservice commissioning are as follows:

* Starting [Local Service Center](#启动本地服务中心)。

* Starting Local Service Center [Mock mechanism](#mock机制启动服务中心)。

Service center is an important component in the microservice architecture, and is used for managing, registering, and detecting metadata and instance metadata. The logic relationship between the service center and microservice provider/consumer is as follows:

![](/assets/images/local_develop_test_en.png)

## Starting Local ServiceCenter

* **Step 1** Starting local service center,  please refer to [Setup Environment](/users/setup-environment/#运行service-center),

* **Step 2** After local service center is started, configure the service center address in the microservice.yaml file that stores SDK configuration information, as shown in the following example:

   ```yaml
   cse:
     service:
       registry:
         address: http://127.0.0.1:30100 #Indicates the service center address and port number
   ```

* **Step 3** Develop service providers and consumers enable the microservice for local tests.

## Enable Local ServiceCenter Using the Mock Mechanism

* **Step 1** Create the registry.yaml file for Local ServiceCenter

   ```yaml
   springmvctest:
     - id: "001"
       version: "1.0"
       appid: myapp #Commissioning service ID
       instances: 
         endpoints:
           rest://127.0.0.1:8080
   ```

   NOTE: The mock mechanism needs an API definition on its own. Currently, only local commissioning for service consumers is supported.

* **Step 2** Add the following code to the end of the Main function for service consumers.

   ```java
   public class xxxClient {
   public static void main(String[] args) {
     System.setProperty("local.registry.file", "/path/registry.yaml");
     //your code
     System.clearProperty("local.registry.file");
   }
   ```

   NOTE: Set the second parameter of setProperty to the absolute path of registry.yaml file in the disk. The path separator depends on the system it is in.

* **Step 3** Develop service consumers and enable the microservice for local tests.
